# Encryption-Escapade

    You're a washington D.C. detective hired by a law firm, working a case against a group of hackers, who are actively trying to aquire sensitive criminal data for their own purposes. You've been on their tails for weeks, but after a long night at the office, you're left disappointed, as the trail on the leader of the group "oracle" has gone cold. You leave your office to head home. You walk a couple blocks down the street, and you see a man with a red hoodie running across from you. You notice the insignia on the back of the hoodie. It's the insignia of the group oracle leads! It may even be oracle himself. 
    It seems too obvious, too much like a trap. But it doesn't matter, you've gotta put a stop to him. You give chase, and he leads you to some old house. Its now or never you suppose. The hacker slams the door of the house, and you slam through it a few seconds after. You walk inside, but you lost track of the hacker. Theres a table with a laptop in front of you. You walk forward a bit, and you hear a loud crash behind you. Some kind of barricade has been slammed in front of the open door and windows, you only way out. You here a voice coming out of the laptop in front of you. "I guess I shouldn't be surprised you'd come after me detective. Don't worry, that was the idea anyway. I'm tired of this cat and mouse schtick. Whether I win or lose, I get what I want. I've left a few breadcrumbs for you to stop me. There's some encrypted data I'm sure you'd like to get from me on that laptop there. It's all yours if you can figure out how any of it works, which I doubt. Good luck detective, I'll be around."
    He's right. You were given a crash course on encryption by the tech department at the precinct when this all started. You understood about 10% of it. Tech has never been your strong suit. Gotta start somewhere though.

    The idea from here will be that as the detective, you'll have to figure out and implement different types of encryptions in order to get the information you need. Your goal is to aquire caches of criminal data that Oracle has left behind. Oracle has left behind a series of clues on both the laptop and in physical objects around the room to help you understand how the encryption devices he wants you to use work. A rudimentary inventory system will be implemented, which will allow the players to utilize things like keys found in pots or pieces of paper that reveal code words or methods of encryption. The laptop is the central node of the project. All options and progress loop back around to getting more information on the laptop. As the player figures out how different encryption methods work, and utilizes them to solve the blocks to the information, then they get closer to the goal.  
    The first task will be to enter a code word based off a caesar cipher. Pieces of paper strewn about certain areas of the room will reveal coded messages or explanations of how ciphers work. This will help the player with their first task. Once the player figures out the first caesar shift and enters it, the next text box will give them a single hint. "Theres no substitute for a nice night on the upstairs balcony". The player will then explore the upstairs fo the house. The player will have a series of rooms he can enter to get all the information he needs, one of which required the key they would have aquired earlier. Then they will find a a tape recorder that gives them an understanding of substitution ciphers, and a hint as to what the next code word would be. Once the player finds it, they'll have to use alphabetical substitution in order to get the correct code word. The final code will revolve around the enigma machine, of which they'll need to find another machine somewhere in the house that matches the settings of the original so they can decipher it. Once they do and enter the code, the game is over, and the storys ends.

    Throughout the
